after the defeat against holland the
midfielder of the Mexican national team
André saved acknowledged that the pain
by this elimination was even greater than
the one he felt in Germany-2006 when the
tricolor also stayed very close to
advance to the last 16
I do not know what
I'm not without word the truth that I do not
I think out of this way four
minutes of having it very close to being
nothing to make history for our country
and I can not do anything there's a lot
frustration there is much sadness courage
with ourselves because in the end it was
our mistake
especially first goal not to defend well
corner shot
but you can not do much anymore
we are out again and thanks to the
people for supporting us so much for believing in
us and now think about 4 years trying
to return and that is the good
there are no words, there are no words
true that nothing was said
the few who had a little encouragement and
of energy to try to encourage the
others and nothing else there are no words for
describe the sadness that you feel
now
I do not know let's dream about that game
a lot of time to the goats of the vitola that
he has never talked about habits but
today
a player that was thrown in all the
party at the end did not see any
warning during the match and
final a league pitar not so much that it
strip
and good what is a lot of frustration
a lot of healing a lot of sadness and
that follows the charges of each one follows
try to be at a good level try to
be good to keep coming the
selection and come try to be in
four years again
totally blame the referee because
also if we had defended
well that play by forms in the volleyball and
nothing happens there are also errors
our then neither is
I would like to blame
leave
the headers tomorrow complaining
complaining the referee is not or you
They analyze but it is a reality
coincidence is since people are more
thought 1 football is not thought and
unfortunately at least what we
touched this global all the mistakes
serious were against in mexico no and
the sad one after this elimination the
Mexican national team flew to his headquarters
concentration on saints where there was
trained all these days and it will be this
Monday morning when board another
plane from sao paulo towards the city of
Mexico
from fort in brazil with images
by luís contreras juan martín montes
living the globalist fever